Adding note to readme in xsoar mirroring (#20931)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/Integrations/XSOARmirroring/README.md

4. Click **Test** to ensure that you can communicate with the Cortex XSOAR tenant.

## Important note:

> In order to mirror `customFields` please create ***Mapper*** that maps the fields you want to mirror on update. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to mirror custom fields, you need to create an incoming mapper for the integration and explicitly specify them in it.
```
